I.	Title: Fish Scales as Biodegradable Straw
II.	Objectives:
I.	General Objective: Make biodegradable straw out of fish scales. 
      Specific Objectives:
	Determine if it is possible to make a bio straw out of fish scales.
	To find out what processes involves in making biodegradable straw out of fish scales.
	To encourage people on using fish scales as biodegradable straw.
III.	Statement of the Problem: The study focuses on the production of straws out of fish scales. The researcher aim to answer the following:
1.	Durability;
2.	Heat Resistance;
3.	Flexibility;
IV.	Hypothesis: This study is based on the following null and alternative hypothesis according to the statement of the problem, the hypotheses are:
Null hypothesis: There is no significant effect of the fish scales as straw.
Alternative Hypothesis: There is significant effect of the fish scales as straw.
V.	Background of the Study:
        The term "plastic straw" refers to a tube that is primarily made of plastic. Straws are thin, single-use tubes that are designed to make it easier for people to drink their beverages. These tubes can pollute the ocean and are sometimes mistaken for food by animals. The slight convenience of using a single-use plastic to drink can result in the death of numerous animals, including turtles, fish, and birds. 

       A fish scale is a small rigid plate that grows out of a fish skin. These are part of the fish’s integumentary system and are produced from dermis’s mesoderm layer, which differientiates them from reptile scales. Fish scales are inedible and thus discarded as industrial waste. This waste can be coverted into biodegradable straw that will decompose over time, unlike plastic, which can take up to a hundred years to degrade. Cellulose is found in fish scales, making it the most common polymer on planet. B 1,4-linked glucopyranose units make up cellulose. Fish scales polymers can be transforms into biodegradable straw. In terms of contamination and life-threatening animal famine, it is more efficient than plastics.